<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
    <title>Monty Python and the Holy Grail</title>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
    <link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<!-- http://www.idpf.org/epub/profiles/edu/structure/ -->

<section epub:type="chapter" id="ch02">
    <h2>Monty Python and the Holy Grail</h2>

<h3>And this isn't my nose. This is a false one.</h3>
<p>The Lady of the Lake, her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite, held aloft Excalibur from the bosom of the water, signifying by divine providence that I, Arthur, was to carry Excalibur. That is why I am your king. Knights of Ni, we are but simple travelers who seek the enchanter who lives beyond these woods.</p>
<p>I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough water! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! Now leave before I am forced to taunt you a second time! Knights of Ni, we are but simple travelers who seek the enchanter who lives beyond these woods.</p>
<h3>We want a shrubbery!!</h3>
<p>I'm not a witch. And this isn't my nose. This is a false one. We want a shrubbery!! Well, what do you want? Camelot!</p>
<p>I dunno. Must be a king. Knights of Ni, we are but simple travelers who seek the enchanter who lives beyond these woods. How do you know she is a witch? The swallow may fly south with the sun, and the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land.</p>
<h3>Did you dress her up like this?</h3>
<p>We found them. He hasn't got shit all over him. Where'd you get the coconuts? Shut up! Will you shut up?! Ah, now we see the violence inherent in the system!</p>
<p>Ni! Ni! Ni! Ni! Why do you think that she is a witch? I have to push the pram a lot. We found them. Well, how'd you become king, then?</p>
<p>Well, what do you want? Oh! Come and see the violence inherent in the system! Help, help, I'm being repressed! What do you mean? He hasn't got shit all over him. Why? On second thoughts, let's not go there. It is a silly place.</p>
<p>I dunno. Must be a king. Listen. Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.</p>
<p>I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough water! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! Now leave before I am forced to taunt you a second time! You don't frighten us, English pig-dogs! Go and boil your bottoms, sons of a silly person! I blow my nose at you, so-called Ah-thoor Keeng, you and all your silly English K-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-niggits!</p>
<p>How do you know she is a witch? Why? Bloody Peasant! We shall say 'Ni' again to you, if you do not appease us.</p>
<p>Burn her anyway! Ah, now we see the violence inherent in the system! Well, I got better. Knights of Ni, we are but simple travelers who seek the enchanter who lives beyond these woods.</p>
<p>Listen. Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony. How do you know she is a witch?</p>
<p>Bring her forward! Well, I got better. You don't frighten us, English pig-dogs! Go and boil your bottoms, sons of a silly person! I blow my nose at you, so-called Ah-thoor Keeng, you and all your silly English K-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-niggits!</p>
<p>The Lady of the Lake, her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite, held aloft Excalibur from the bosom of the water, signifying by divine providence that I, Arthur, was to carry Excalibur. That is why I am your king. Well, I didn't vote for you.</p>
<p>Well, what do you want? The Lady of the Lake, her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite, held aloft Excalibur from the bosom of the water, signifying by divine providence that I, Arthur, was to carry Excalibur. That is why I am your king.</p>
<p>Who's that then? I am your king. Ni! Ni! Ni! Ni! On second thoughts, let's not go there. It is a silly place. It's only a model.</p>
<p>Camelot! But you are dressed as one… Well, Mercia's a temperate zone! Well, we did do the nose. Shut up! Will you shut up?! Well, she turned me into a newt.</p>

</section>
</body>
</html>